>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, let's talk
through the solution for exercise 6.
As the readme indicates,
essentially what we wanted to do is
replace the hard coded lexical references
to the helpers object with,
>> Kyle Simpson: This keyword.
So here, we have helpers.,
and helpers., and helpers.,
we need to replace those
with this keyword.
So we this dot, this dot, this dot.
Now, when we call
Helpers.validateWorkEntry, for example, on
line 93, what is that the this key we're
gonna be inside of validateWorkEntry?
>> Speaker 2: Helpers?
>> Kyle Simpson: It's gonna be helpers.
So when we go to that
validateWorkEntry and
it says this.minWorkDescriptionLength,
where is it gonna find that on?
It's gonna find that
on the helpers object.
So it makes a lot more sense for
this to be this aware functions,
so that they can pull those
constant properties from their
context object as opposed to pulling them
from a lexical reference to helpers.
Makes sense?
Just one example of using this keyword.
Questions about this?
Remember the implicit binding role.
When you see something like 02.foo,
just remember that's calling the foo
function in the context of 02.